radioshark
==========

Utilities for use with Griffin Technologies RadioShark.

This repository contains the following files:

fins.py:
    This configuration file contains information on the hardware address of you 
    fin or fins. It must be updated if you change where the fin is plugged in or 
    sometimes when you reboot your machine.

giants.py:
    This program is used to convert a CSV file downloaded from the San Francisco
    Giants website that contains their 2012 schedule into a RadioShark
    Schedule.ini file. When placed in the correct location, this file causes
    the RadioShark to record all of the Giants games.

giantsd.py:
    A simple daemon that uses the same downloaded CSV file that contains the
    Giants schedule to record the games on Linux without the help of the
    RadioShark application.

start-giants:
    A shell script that downloads the latest Giants schedule from their webpage 
    and starts the Giants daemon.

test-giantsd.py:
    A program that exercises giantsd.py. It is used to give you confidence that 
    things will work as expected when the time comes to record the games.

49ersd.py:
    A simple daemon that uses a downloaded vCalendar (.ics file)
    that contains the 49ers schedule to record the games on Linux without the 
    help of the RadioShark application (in development).

start-49ers:
    A shell script that downloads the latest 49ers schedule from Yahoo and 
    starts the 49ers daemon.

test-49ersd.py:
    A program that exercises 49ersd.py. It is used to give you confidence that 
    things will work as expected when the time comes to record the games.

For information about these files, visit www.nurdletech.com/radioshark.html.

To get the source code:
    $ git clone git://github.com/KenKundert/radioshark.git

Once cloned, you can get the latest updates using:
    $ git pull

Before you can use them, you will need to install the libhid-devel, alsa-utils,
vorbis-tools, and mplayer packages. To do so on Fedora, as root run:
    # yum install libhid-devel alsa-utils vorbis-tools mplayer
